Things to add in book
figure out front cover styling
gaps on firstp age of table for some reason on toc
lemmon chiffon cake day still not right i want worldwide holidays, change for mermaid day?
remove dashes from intro 

beyodn earth not loading bonus thingspace express record breaking rocket
page 62 too long and going over tj
n   n   tn
heathers critisism
rmeove saffron walden, noone cares and long
remove table of


Every March 29th, March 29th is, Every March 29th,  very repetative, fix days that slay , also only mention once
regular facts arent doin  day reminders at all fix the prompt


maybe dont need name on front page

Content stuff
if a complex word please explain it in terms a 12 year odl owould udnerstandf
12p for scorer?

graphic stuff
NEED TO ALTER THRESHOLD FOR WORLD SHAKER CATEGORY
to personm from person at begining
maybe colour not needed on every page


ADJUST PROMPT TO FIX THE FOLLOWING
Maybe boring or not kid ones 
WRONG CATRAOGRIES (MAYBNE FOR JSON CHECKER IT SHOULD LET ME REASSIGN CATAGORY AND ALSO SHOW TOTLA CURRENT OF THAT CATAGORY)
this one got porno in it (NEED TO REMOVE STUFF LIKE THAT)

Maybe boring or not kid ones 
Jack Benny's Radio Breakthrough
Jack Benny stepped up to the microphone on Ed
Sullivan's New York interview program in 1932 and
changed comedy forever! This wasn't just any radio
show - it was Benny's very first time on radio, and he
was so nervous his hands were probably shaking. But
once he started talking in his famous style, audiences
fell in love with his perfect timing and hilarious
personality. That one radio appearance launched
Benny into becoming one of America's most beloved
comedians for decades to come.
Pearl Bailey's Star-Studded Journey
Pearl Bailey was born in Newport News, Virginia in 1918
and grew up to become one of America's brightest
stars! She could do it all - sing, dance, and act with
incredible talent. Pearl won both a Tony Award and an
Emmy Award for her amazing performances. She's
most famous for starring in the musical "Hello, Dolly!"
where her powerful voice and charming personality lit
up the stage night after night.
The Comedy Queen from Endicott
Amy Sedaris makes people laugh for a living as an
actress and comedian! She was born in 1961 in a small
town called Endicott in New York. This funny lady grew
up to star in TV shows and movies, always finding ways
to make audiences giggle and smile with her silly
characters and clever jokes.

this one in wrong catagory
A Soccer Team Born in a Dutch Town
Soccer fans in the small Dutch town of Drachten
decided they needed their own team to cheer for! In
1948, they created the Drachtster Boys soccer club,
naming it after their hometown. The team started
small but gave local kids and adults a chance to play
the sport they loved most. Today, this little club still
kicks goals in the Netherlands, proving that big dreams
can start in small towns.
The Redhead Who Ruled the Court
Dave Cowens shocked the basketball world when he
won the NBA MVP award in 1973! This red-headed
center for the Boston Celtics wasn't the tallest or
strongest player, but he played with incredible heart
and energy. Cowens dove for every loose ball, fought
for every rebound, and never gave up on any play. His
teammates loved his fighting spirit, and fans went wild
watching him battle against much bigger opponents.
That year, he proved that heart could beat height in
basketball.
The Cuban Boxing Legend Who Said No to
Millions
Teofilo Stevenson was born in Puerto Padre, Cuba in
1952 and became one of boxing's greatest champions.
This incredible heavyweight boxer won Olympic gold
medals three times in a row - in 1972, 1976, and 1980!
That's something very few athletes ever achieve.
Professional boxing promoters offered him millions of
dollars to turn pro, but Stevenson chose to stay
amateur and represent Cuba instead.
The Tyler Rose Blooms
Earl Campbell became one of football's greatest
running backs after being born in Tyler, Texas in 1955.
This powerhouse player earned the nickname "The
Tyler Rose" and dominated both college and
professional football. He won the prestigious Heisman
Trophy in 1977 while playing for the University of
Texas, then steamrolled into the NFL where he made
the Pro Bowl five times with the Houston Oilers.
The Gymnast Who Flipped Into History
Olga Tass was born in 1929 in Pécs, Hungary, and she
would grow up to make gymnastics history! In 1956,
she helped her Hungarian team win Olympic gold in
something called "team portable apparatus" - a
gymnastics event that doesn't even exist anymore.
This amazing athlete spent her whole life flipping,
jumping, and spinning her way to greatness

this one got porno in it
The Rock Star Who Changed His Name
Perry Farrell sounds like a cool rock star name, but this
famous singer was actually born Peretz Bernstein in
Queens, New York City in 1959! He completely
transformed his identity when he became the
frontman for Jane's Addiction, one of the most
important alternative rock bands ever. Their hit song
"Just Because" helped define a whole new sound in
rock music. Later, Perry started another band called
Porno For Pyros.
